.TH SISI 1 "2024-01-01" "sisi-cmux 1.0.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
sisi \- multi-project workspace manager with Claude Code integration
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sisi
.RI [ directory ]
.br
.B sisi stop
.br
.B sisi
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
.br
.B sisi
.BR \-V ", " \-\-version
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B sisi
is a command-line tool that creates organized tmux workspaces from directories containing multiple projects. It automatically discovers projects, detects their types (Node.js, Python, Rust, Go, Web), and creates a tmux session with one window per project.

The tool integrates with Claude Code to provide AI assistance within each project workspace.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.I directory
Directory to scan for projects. Defaults to current working directory if not specified.
.TP
.B stop
Stop the current workspace session.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Show help information and exit.
.TP
.BR \-V ", " \-\-version
Show version information and exit.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B sisi [directory]
Create a new workspace from the specified directory, or attach to existing workspace if one is already running. The tool will:
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
Scan the directory for subdirectories containing projects
.IP \(bu 2
Detect project types based on configuration files
.IP \(bu 2
Create a tmux session named "sisi-workspace"
.IP \(bu 2
Create one window per project with appropriate icons
.IP \(bu 2
Set up key bindings for navigation and Claude integration
.RE
.TP
.B sisi stop
Terminate the current workspace session and clean up resources.
.SH PROJECT DETECTION
.B sisi
automatically detects project types based on the presence of specific files:
.TP
.B Node.js (📦)
Presence of
.I package.json
.TP
.B Python (🐍)
Presence of
.I requirements.txt
or
.I pyproject.toml
.TP
.B Rust (⚙️)
Presence of
.I Cargo.toml
.TP
.B Go (⚙️)
Presence of
.I go.mod
.TP
.B Web (🌐)
Presence of
.I index.html
.TP
.B Unknown (📁)
Directories with substantial content but no recognized project files
.SH TMUX KEY BINDINGS
Once inside the workspace, the following tmux key bindings are available:
.TP
.B Ctrl+b P
Open interactive project selector with fuzzy search
.TP
.B Ctrl+b C
Launch Claude Code in the current project directory
.TP
.B Ctrl+b S
Stop the workspace (same as 'sisi stop')
.TP
.B Ctrl+b 1\-9
Jump directly to project windows 1-9
.TP
.B Ctrl+b n, Ctrl+b p
Navigate to next/previous project window
.SH PERFORMANCE AND LIMITS
For performance and safety:
.IP \(bu 2
Directory scanning is limited to 100 subdirectories
.IP \(bu 2
Scanning operations timeout after 30 seconds
.IP \(bu 2
Empty directories are automatically skipped
.IP \(bu 2
Common build/cache directories are excluded (node_modules, .git, target, dist, etc.)
.SH REQUIREMENTS
.TP
.B tmux
Version 2.0 or higher is required for proper operation.
.TP
.B Claude CLI
The Claude Code CLI must be installed and authenticated for AI integration features.
Install from https://claude.ai/code and run 'claude auth'.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /tmp/sisi-tmux-config.conf
Temporary tmux configuration file created during session setup.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.B sisi
uses the following environment:
.IP \(bu 2
Checks PATH for tmux and claude/claude-code binaries
.IP \(bu 2
Uses system temporary directory for configuration files
.IP \(bu 2
Respects file system permissions for directory access
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Create workspace from projects directory:
.B sisi ~/dev/projects
.TP
Create workspace from current directory:
.B sisi
.TP
Stop the current workspace:
.B sisi stop
.TP
Typical workflow:
.nf
.RS
$ sisi ~/dev/websites
🔍 Checking dependencies...
✓ tmux 3.2a
✓ claude (claude-cli 1.0.0)
🔍 Discovering projects...
  Scanning 5 entries...
📦 Found 3 projects:
  node (2):
    📦 next-app
    📦 blog
  web (1):
    🌐 portfolio
✅ Workspace created!
# Now in tmux with 3 project windows
.RE
.fi
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
.B sisi
provides clear error messages for common issues:
.TP
.B Dependency errors
Missing tmux or Claude CLI with installation instructions
.TP
.B Directory errors
Invalid paths, permission issues, or inaccessible directories
.TP
.B Timeout errors
When directory scanning takes too long (over 30 seconds)
.TP
.B Session errors
Issues creating or managing tmux sessions
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Success
.TP
.B 1
Error (dependency missing, invalid directory, tmux failure, etc.)
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR tmux (1),
.BR claude (1)
.SH BUGS
Report bugs at: https://github.com/username/sisi-cmux/issues
.SH AUTHOR
Written by the sisi-cmux contributors.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2024 sisi-cmux contributors.
Licensed under the MIT License.